README.md, before:

# ndoch2020dc-asset-map

### What is today’s date?
9/12/2020

### What is the name of your project?

Washington, DC Mail-in-Ballot Drop Box Locations - shortname: DC
BAllot Dropbox Finder

### Who is the primary contact for the project?
Banjo Obayomi
Slack handle: @Banjo Obayomi

### Who is the secondary contact for the project? (optional)
Lenae Storey
Slack handle: @lenae Storey

Ubuntourist
Slack handle: @Ubuntourist

### What problem does your project aim to solve?

This year, voting looks a little bit differently. Due to risk of
COVID-19 infections and potential to overwhelm the USPS system with
mail-in-ballots, we want to help citizens understand how to find
drop-off locations for their mail-in-ballots in an effort to ensure
relaibility that those ballots are properly received. Mail-in-ballots
can be securely dropped off at various locations around DC, but those
do not readily correspond to specific polling places, and often those
drop locations have specific dates and times associated with them.

DC BAllot Dropbox assits votes in DC in identify where the closest
ballot drop-off locations are based on their residential address. The
app's main feature is surfacing those locations in relation to a
voter's current location. Additinally, the app will display the
cooresponding date and time those dropbox locations are available. 
Where we can, we'll also provide helpful tips for filling in
mail-in-ballots.

### Who is affected by the issue?

Any voter in the DC area who is considering using mail-in-ballots to
cast their votes in 2020 elections.

### How does your technology help solve this problem?

Yes, currently the information can be found on the ([DC Board of
Elections
website](https://www.dcboe.org/Voters/Where-to-Vote/Mail-Ballot-Drop-Sites)),
but that information is in table form and doesn't easily allow voters
understand the dropbox locations in relation to their current location.

### What was the timeline for this project?

MVP for this project is today - 9/12/2020 during National Day of Civic
Hacking

### Who is committed to which roles for how long?


### Who did you partner with to guide your work?


### How did you form this partnership and any advice to others looking to form a similar partnership?


### Who are your users and how do they use the technology?

Users: Any DC voter who has access to the interent via web or mobile
device.

### What is your outreach strategy to users and what adoption tips do you have?

### What would you say are wins and challenges from the project?

### Data sources

* [Mail Ballot Dropboxes - 
  DC.gov Open Data](https://opendata.dc.gov/datasets/mail-ballot-drop-boxes)
* [Metrorail stations - 
  DC.gov Open Data](https://opendata.dc.gov/datasets/54018b7f06b943f2af278bbe415df1de_52)
* [Capital Bikeshare
  data](https://gbfs.capitalbikeshare.com/gbfs/en/station_information.json)

Commit message:

Added transportation problem scope
Added transportation problem scope

README.md, after:

# ndoch2020dc-asset-map

### What is today’s date?
9/12/2020

### What is the name of your project?

Washington, DC Mail-in-Ballot Drop Box Locations - shortname: DC Ballot Dropbox
BAllot Dropbox Finder

### Who is the primary contact for the project?
Banjo Obayomi
Slack handle: @Banjo Obayomi

### Who is the secondary contact for the project? (optional)
Lenae Storey
Slack handle: @lenae Storey

Ubuntourist
Slack handle: @Ubuntourist

### What problem does your project aim to solve?

This year, voting looks a little bit differently. Due to risk of
COVID-19 infections and potential to overwhelm the USPS system with
mail-in-ballots, we want to help citizens understand how to find
drop-off locations for their mail-in-ballots in an effort to ensure
relaibility that those ballots are properly received. Mail-in-ballots
can be securely dropped off at various locations around DC, but those
do not readily correspond to specific polling places, and often those
drop locations have specific dates and times associated with them.

In addition to easing findability of dropbox location, we also want to assist voters with finding public transportation options to these dropbox locations. Transportation often serves as of the the biggest barriers to voting in the United States. 

The DC BAllot Dropbox app assits voters in DC with:
- identifying where their closest mail-in-ballot dropbox is located
- the app will display the cooresponding date and time those dropbox locations are available 
- provide closest metro, bus and capiltal bikeshare locations to these dropbox locations

### Who is affected by the issue?

Any voter in the DC area who is considering using mail-in-ballots to
cast their votes in 2020 elections.

### How does your technology help solve this problem?

Yes, currently the information can be found on the ([DC Board of
Elections
website](https://www.dcboe.org/Voters/Where-to-Vote/Mail-Ballot-Drop-Sites)),
but that information is in table form and doesn't easily allow voters
understand the dropbox locations in relation to their current location.

### What was the timeline for this project?

MVP for this project is today - 9/12/2020 during National Day of Civic
Hacking

### Who is committed to which roles for how long?


### Who did you partner with to guide your work?


### How did you form this partnership and any advice to others looking to form a similar partnership?


### Who are your users and how do they use the technology?

Users: Any DC voter who has access to the interent via web or mobile
device that is also using mail-in-ballot option to cast their vote in the 2020 elections. 

### What is your outreach strategy to users and what adoption tips do you have?

### What would you say are wins and challenges from the project?

### Data sources

* [Mail Ballot Dropboxes - 
  DC.gov Open Data](https://opendata.dc.gov/datasets/mail-ballot-drop-boxes)
* [Metrorail stations - 
  DC.gov Open Data](https://opendata.dc.gov/datasets/54018b7f06b943f2af278bbe415df1de_52)
* [Capital Bikeshare
  data](https://gbfs.capitalbikeshare.com/gbfs/en/station_information.json)
